The SDTS++ toolkit was written by employees and contractors of the
U.S. Geological Survey.  The USGS writes software to support
government research and data production operations, not to provide
free alternatives to commercial software.  The SDTS++ toolkit is
placed in the public domain in the spirit of sharing the results of
scientific research. The library is not an official USGS product, is
not commercial-grade software, is not guaranteed to be appropriate for
all SDTS applications, and is not supported.  We invite user comments
and suggestions, and will act on them as resources and as other
priorities permit.  However, the availability of this software does
not imply any USGS committment to fix reported bugs, provide
documentation, or assist other organizations in learning to use the
toolkit.

Neither the U.S. Government nor any agency thereof nor any of their
employees make any warranty, expressed or implied, or assume any legal
responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any
information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed herein or
represent that its use would not infringe privately owned
rights. Reference to any specific commercial product, process, or
service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not
necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or
favoring by the U.S. Government or any agency thereof.
