The SDTS++ Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ); version 1.19; 10, June 2003

Part 1 of 1.

FAQ maintainer: sdts_owner@savitar.er.usgs.gov

Thanks goes to Larry Moore, Jamie Moyers, Paul Craven, David
Hensinger, and Phyllis Altheide for comments on this FAQ.

(Items preceded by a `|' indicates changed or added text.)

------
Contents of this FAQ


    1.  What is SDTS++?
    2.  Compilers
 |  2.1 GNU g++ 2.8.1, 2.95.1, 3.x
 |  2.2 Visual C++
 |  3.  Where can I get it?
 |  4.  What version is current?
    5.  Who wrote it?
    6.  How much does it cost?
    7.  What existing applications use SDTS++?
    8.  What kind of support does it have?
    9.  Does it use the STL?
    10. How do I force the sdts++ build to use a compiler besides g++?
    11. What's this builder stuff anyway?
    12. Does sdts++ have a homepage?
    13. What documentation does it have?


------
1. What is SDTS++?

SDTS++ is a C++ toolkit that programmers can use to write applications
that can read or write SDTS datasets.


------
2. Compilers


2.1 gcc 2.8.x, 2.95.1, 3.x and egcs.

sdts++ currently supports both GNU gcc 2.8.x, 2.95.1, and 3.x

gcc can be found at http://www.gnu.org/software/gcc

The make files require GNU make, found at http://www.gnu.org/software/make/

If you want to change the lex and yacc files, I recommend getting GNU
flex and bison, also from http://www.gnu.org/software/flex and
http://www.gnu.org/software/bison, respectively.


2.2 Microsoft Visual C++ 6.x

sdts++ also works with Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0 for Windows platforms.
Note that you MUST apply the latest Service Pack before trying to use
sdts++.


------
3. Where can I get it?

You can ftp SDTS++ from:

   ftp://sdts.er.usgs.gov/pub/sdts/software/sdtsxx/sdts++-1.5.1.tar.gz
   http://lychnobite.org/sdts/sdts++-1.5.1.tar.gz 


------
4. What version is current?

As of June, 10 2003, version 1.5.1 is the latest


------
5. Who wrote it?

Developers at the USGS Mid-Continent Mapping Center in Rolla,
Missouri.


------
6. How much does it cost?

It's free.  There are no licensing fees or distribution restrictions.
We would appreciate acknowledgment of the USGS contribution in any
applications the toolkit is used for, but this is not legally
necessary.


------
7. What existing applications use SDTS++?

There are two applications so far -- a USGS DEM and a DLG-3 viewer.
You can go to the SDTS++ web page, http://mcmcweb.er.usgs.gov/sdts/,
to find out more about these applications.  The USGS is also currently
developing new software that will use sdts++.

See also ``kdem'', which is a freeware Digital Elevation Model (DEM)
viewer that can use sdts++ to read SDTS/DEMs:

              http://www.mindspring.com/~jamoyers/kdem/


------
8. What kind of support does it have?

Unfortunately not much.  There is a mailing list for SDTS related
software.  One purpose of this list is to provide peer support for
SDTS software development efforts.  Some of the SDTS++ development
team subscribe to this list and _may_ address problems related to the
toolkit.  After all, if you're having problems with the library,
chances are they are having the same problems, too.

You can subscribe to this list by sending e-mail to
'majordomo@mailrmon1.er.usgs.gov' with a line in the body of the
message that starts with ``subscribe sdts_software '' followed by your
e-mail address.  For example, if I were to subscribe to the sdts
software mailing list, I'd use:

subscribe sdts_software mcoletti@lychnobite.org

"sdts_software" is a technical discussion list.  There is no guarantee
that questions posted to this list will be answered.  Messages to the
mailing list are sent to "sdts_software@mailrmon1.er.usgs.gov".

General information about SDTS should be requested by sending mail to
sdts@usgs.gov.  sdts@usgs.gov is also a public mailing list, but it is
monitored by USGS personnel.  Questions sent to it will receive a
response.


------
9. Does it use STL?

SDTS++ makes heavy use of the Standard Template Library.  If your C++
compiler doesn't support STL, then it won't work with SDTS++.  And,
just because a C++ compiler supports the STL, it may be broken in such
a way that SDTS++ won't work with it.  You've been warned.


------
10. How do I force the sdts++ build to use a compiler besides g++?

The configure script will prefer to use g++ if it finds it in your
path, /usr/local/bin/, or in the path specified by a ``--prefix''
script parameter.  However, you can force the configure script to use
a different C/C++ compiler by specifying them with the CC and CXX
environment variables.  For example, if I wanted to use
``/usr/bin/cc'' and ``/usr/bin/CC'' for the C and C++ compilers,
respectively, I'd do this:

	% env CC=/usr/bin/cc CXX=/usr/bin/CC ./configure

[Thanks to David Hensinger of Sandia Labs for the inspiration behind
this question.]


------
11. What's this builder stuff anyway?

There's now the beginnings of a convenience layer in the 'builder'
directory.  It's incomplete in that it's only good enough to
support the Raster Profile.  However, the included perl scripts should
make it easy to add new modules as necessary.  Please keep in mind
that this code is _highly_ experimental.  Caveat emptor!


------
12. Does sdts++ have a homepage?

Yes.  The official homepage is at ``http://mcmcweb.er.usgs.gov/sdts/sdtsxx/''.  

Another, unofficial version is at ``http://lychnobite.org/sdts/''.
(This is the scratch version that eventually propogates to the USGS
site in some form.)


------
13. What documentation does it have?
 
SDTS++ has documentation in both GNU info and HTML formats found in
the ``doc'' directory.  The original GNU texi from which these were
generated is also included.  Also, Object Domain design diagrams,
sdts.ood, are included.  Object Domain's home page is
http://www.objectdomain.com/.

The documentation is also available online at:

 http://lychnobite.org/sdts/sdts++.html.


------
End of SDTS++ FAQ
